and here we are
how to make a 3d glasses for your brand
with very simple things and materials
in 10 pesos accelerate
What is needed are the red and
black blue to mark what they are going to
cut a pair of scissors
but be careful with the sharp elbows
they went to that stage
what we have to do is take away a
lens
to mark it here in the light the smoke
black
your brand
on the acetate sheet another pitcher level
they did not win their dad's glasses
because he's going to break his kill and
villains raised by pigs loses
It helps him that my street was worth it
peanut and that the frame lives there
in ecuador since it is marked
and be careful because then also all
they saw what happened little things are a
cost of 12 thousand 500
that yes the lenses are not of the highest
quality of the world do not believe that they are going to
have super chivas but in half if
come 3d
to take the 3d now if you
computer is very slow maybe not
he runs them also be careful but
Sorry to try it, it's already cut
in worked it is about in the form of
lens
we have to paint one red and one blue
Be careful not to do this because
the lenses of the
centers what we want is for the
spaces also for all the acetate
so that the spots do not remain
or
and so they are going to paint the blue side and then
they are going to paint the red side
and with this you will see the colors that
are occupied to access in 3-d are the
remind you of homemade lenses
and try them to see if it works
they gave me flying and flying is not
edited we still have little time
recorded and we almost finished good
Y
the red and the blue with little things now
let's take the other lens off
lenses
we're going to put the blue going on the side
straight
I do not know what is happening to me
and the red
yes
or more exactly for example
we simply want
and that
how he came back to the antro appreciate good
already with this can play minecraft
dentrífica file you see what's here
where the number of light
It is a 'crack'
but I forgot to put band as
Chinese was activated the 3d look at them I'm going to
teaching to see this map is because they
we teach to make the lenses but not what
we started to activate three of this map's bitch
is the one that has long since lost that
I'm with what I'm doing but
well look at the 3d is activated from the
next way they put you skype
after the skate they put options then
of options here in video options
then here where 3d anaglyph says
to clive or I do not know when they put you here
puts you in where done new or done
box and they have it in Spanish and that's it
made voice in 3d and obviously with the
lenses give a minute of the lenses
so they get used to how it looks
it does not look better than the normal game
because the colors look weird but if
you see three of them and they will like it
well we see it for a little while so it
have fun is cool
there is the same to disable skate
options videos
and three of aquino off off and already where I've
gone
and they already leave souls comes out good